That's right.
You and I, after we left Mr. Kona outside, went to the laboratory, didn't we?
Yes, sir.
And then we've tried to go around the wheel again.
Mr. Takeun, I passed on the mishallon.
I passed.
Thank you.
Are all the funnogies in my left?
Of course.
Good work.
Mr. Seaton, as we walked through the laboratories, we discussed what was the most important
of the patient's irritation, Mr. Kona, prior to these activities, didn't we?
Well, I think I became more aware of Mr. Kona's irritation after I came out of the lab, and I did pour one in.
And you and I talked to Mr. Kona, not to present about this in place.
I don't recall if we did, Senator.
Well, then, didn't I find you, Mr. Secretary, that happy to invite it down there, look over the installation.
He being my chief of staff, having been the principal prosecutor in the Rosenberg case, one of the lawyers in the Remington case,
one of the principal lawyers in the prosecution of the 11th Communist, but he had single handedly presented the communist cases to the UN.
I got a present from pointing out the infiltration of communist and government in the UN from the grand jury,
that while he was doing that, he obviously had to have the top moral secret clearance and so far as all justice department records were concerned,
and that therefore, it was quite an insult to him to make you stand outside the door, cooling your heels,
asking him to write it down, to inspect the laboratories, and I told you that I had such a good man mistake,
but I said, just forget about a body of the work at all life, and I agreed that it was a mistake to keep him out,
and Roy was not carrying his jurisdiction along, and actually by the time one time came around, you and Mr. Korn are ribbing each other,
and as I recall, didn't you tell you that he hoped today would come that he would have the same privileges to get into the laboratories of the security risks that you're suspending we're having,
isn't that an orc long question, isn't that substantially a triforizome of the conversation we had with that aspect?
My recollection. You want one, and have I give you?
Well, you said a great many things that have happened in there that I don't recall having them set at all, and I did not agree that Roy Cohn should have been led in the laboratory.
And I think that the decision that I made on the spot was a difficult one, and I had no desire to offend anybody,
but when I decided that we had led in, the people only rose so that they elected by the people of the United States to the senator to house, I think I made a correct decision.
Mr. David Van Macht, question whether you may have expected this, and I don't think it's a moment.
Ladies and gentlemen, whether or not you interrupt the program, will I bring you a special bulletin from the New Martin Israel?
I think that's a completely important point, is that you have charged here.
Vanera Lignare has been asked for file of the N Gen-Soo.
Vanera Lignare, for the name of the Portus, was conquered by the coming of the Portus surrounding it.
The French veneer announced the National Assembly, remained a text that's been fell into red hand.
After 20 hours of struggle against the latest time in its honor, Scott.
The treatment for one that followed the new promise of the New Martin Israel.
In that, and you look at the reason, in the honor of October 20, 1953, and another occasion's Mr. Cohn made threatening and violent statements of Mr. Adams,
another concerning future investigation that has happened to the Army, and excited his insolence over the center of a country,
releasing the new statement in ten of the derogatory of the Army.
Now, you still maintain anything that this has to do with private chains, this exclusive of Mr. Cohn from the Laboratories.
Is that correct?
I contend that the incident at Fort Monmouth was part of a pattern.
And you think that's what you do with private chains?
Yes, sir.
Uh...
Now, did you bring this look around for David today?
Yes.
We have a copy of it, Sarah.
Would you hand that up, I wonder?
What's the answer?
Would you hand that up?
I wonder.
What's the answer?
Would you hand that up?
It's a fact that it has an audit produced by the chair.
What's the answer?
It's just a matter of time.
That's great.
It has an audit produced by the chair.
It's just a second one.
Before you do, would you look at him coming while I was pointed?
Hello?
Yes, it is.
And who has been at the field?
George M. Gallagher.
First Lieutenant.
And where is George M. Gallagher located?
Well, at the time, this was taken.
I was at the...
I assume it was at Camp Kilmer.
I...
I'm sorry.
I say at the time, at the day that was taken,
I assume it was taken at Camp Kilmer,
where a dental flicker at the commanding general.
Would you hand that up for the chair?
Well, you're marking on this left hand.
Hmm?
Well, you have to be fine.
Right.
I'd like to share it, Caroline.
I don't want to go that this time.
I think the chair will recover from it.
The recovery of the instrument happened at a speed,
compared to the foreign testimony of visiting...
A serious deviation that we got yesterday,
but we've had so much to be able to eat just as far as I can.
The Chancellor makes much of a donation to the doctor.
Mr. Steven, the other day, you asked about the Inspector General's report
and the case of...
I just remember coming to Stolper,
have you expected Steven's ID report to be available?
The ID report has now been finished under the car seat,
and Inspector General is prepared to go over with my answer.
First, the available opportunity that I had.
How soon will that be for the Ministry of Education,
the Ministry of Education for the Chair?
We don't submit the...
We don't submit Inspector General's report.
We'll give you the...
Inspector Information that says...
I have to be able to give you an ID report,
but we do not submit the report.
Do you say you do not submit Inspector General's report?
I try to...
How about the Inspector General's report to you, Susan,
and David Chan?
I just met him for a long time.
I can tell you his ID report.
I know.
I mean, the Secretary did not receive the report...
And the Secretary had to answer that.
That's not an idiot's record.
I'm sure we have not...
We have not officially enough.
In other words, the ID report has been trained on available everything.
I don't think that the ID final report is available on that.
It's a lot of material it's been used,
which I think has been made available to committee.
There was a Inspector General's investigation of Mr. Chan.
That's right.
Inspector General has camped at Fort Debt.
And...
Do you know the police request that was mail?
I'm so request-by-
No, sir, I don't know that now.
No ideas.
I think it was General Ryan, probably.
Was that ID report leaked to anyone?
I'm Mr. Adam.
I thought that was the other report you would have leaked to Lieutenant.
I thought it was the other thing that he could cut the file.
The thing that intrigued me is that Mr. Chan was ordered not to discuss the report.
So I'm not even telling the committee about the report, the allegations, I think.
They couldn't tell the committee about the allegations.
And tonight, Chancellor, of course, also.
Can I pick up a pink sheet in New York?
And I find that the allegations are contained in that almost verbatim.
For example, he was charged to walk in front of a jeep for the behind the jeep one time.
Violet and groove.
But the other thing...
I think you're understanding the President and the President could do just...
You were trying to strike Chan's in before, or to me, and being denied, Chancellor?
No.
The night council of the Inspector General has already been interrogating for...
That's a testimony of the record to be...
I think there's not a lot of other facts that the sheriff is trying all the way right for you.
I'll talk about this.
Mr. Stevens, I am continuing this.
I said a reason I missed this.
Your statements, you don't make the report available.
Mr. Pinkshake in New York, list of the allegations against.
I say that he had walked in front of a jeep one day to the practice that had been handed.
I don't know, that is the result of our insurance or not.
It's hopeful that he had shiny shoes downtown, safe towards the shiny himself.
Things like that line.
Can you tell us how, perhaps, I had to give it a report?
Got him the hands of newspapers?
I don't know, but I don't know what the safe star that involved or what the paper is you're referring to.
I don't know, I would imagine that that article probably came out maybe before the IZ before it.
But even starter, I don't know.
Mr. Stevens, yesterday I handed you a list of seven mains.
I asked him, I asked him, that time they made public because some of those mains made the able to prove that they are particularly common-foil Americans.
They had been subpoenaed throughout the order to appear because of their communist connections and backgrounds.
I have been finished by having been fired on the order and I wait for you.
I suppose I can start.
Mr. Stevens, can you stand in the phone?
I'm standing in my right.
To my left.
To the left.
Mr. Stevens, can you tell us the fact that you said you wanted to send the nearly part from takeover this matter and investigate?
Can you tell us what progress has been made and survived the subpoena concern?
I wish you wouldn't demand for this time.
There was a section on the list that you handed me a letter.
We'll only click my party.
And as a six, four were out of the army.
The four you put their names up with us.
The other two have been under surveillance for two months and investigations while final determination is being made with respect to them.
When were the four removed?
After our investigation started.
A four you asked for the name.
Nice to get the button.
We had to discuss these a little bit.
A six or seven, a hundred or seven.
We discussed all the parts with your...
Over a few to time, the question is, where are they removed after the investigation started?
Before I sign, though, they were removed.
Before we had any conversation with your committee on that subject.
Could you give us a statement?
I don't have them here, but I'd get them for you.
Use them as they were removed before you had any conversation on that subject.
I don't think that was a statement of five.
As far as I know, the chair has the secretary to give it to the committee.
And that will answer the question.
We'll put the men if we may as one of Mr. X, Y, Z.
But if you have an answer, my friend.
One more of it.
You have an answer, my friend.
The last few other names they were removed after our investigation started.
You said you thought they were removed before you had any conversation with us in regard to them.
Now, would you go back to my question, where they were removed after our investigation of the communist infiltration of the Army with the mass?
Oh, yes.
Where they were?
Before I sign, though, those cases were handled in the matter of our crime,
prior to receipt of the committee's request for any places to give it to the committee.
Can you tell us, while they are now under suspension, or whether final action has been taken?
Final action on the floor.
They have been final actions, correct?
Now, Mr. Steven, there was a board called the Loyalty Security Training Board in your office, New South Office, right?
That's right.
There were some, how many people?
Some 30 on that, 25 and 30?
Yes, something on that order.
And normally, how many were sent on any individual case?
Usually, about three.
So the demand for any might not come up for three, four, five, six months to be solved if any particular case, doesn't it?
Yes, it depends on now.
But the amount of work and any time is a hundred.
And this is the board upon which the Mr. X, we were discussing the other day with Mr. X.
That's right.
And I know from your, the date you were about, Adam Gailard, that he had sent him while the case was, he passed an average of once every five or six months.
He's actually normal.
What you were just saying.
I don't check that out.
I'm not quite sure.
Mr. Smith, or, uh, Steven, again, I ask David because the fact you brought up the charges, not because I have any special significance to them.
One of the charges, according to the information, is that Mr. Shane had issues commercially public.
Do you think that has a result of influence by the committee?
Mostly.
No, it was that he wore special gloves or mitts.
He was called, we ever called, or anyone ever called, asked to be allowed to wear a glove that he bought himself, so the fingers separate from this.
I don't know anything about it, Adam.
Uh, another is that, uh, writing back from the firearm brand, and one occasion, again, is the camp, rolled with the driver.
Do you think that's the result of any special pressure on the part of Mr. Cohn?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Nothing about the tape that you're bringing out.
So you don't, you certainly don't think it about it, do you?
Brian, as I said, this investigation was determined whether or not Mr. Shane gets special consideration as a result of pressure by the committee.
I'm not listening to some of the charges, I'm asking whether or not you feel that this was a result of any special consideration on the part of the committee.
I know nothing about the instances you're talking about.
Have you looked over this?
I've been out talking about 65 telephone calls, 19 e-s.
What did you think of the improper view of the fact that the effectiveness of the call-up and the middle of the investigation?
Do you think of the improper for him to work evening on reports? Do you think of the improper when certain persons came up?
And I thought witnesses interviewed Mr. Shane.
If he did, why don't they both finish something?
Some of the committee would call Mr. Shane and ask you some information.
Do you think of the improper?
I think what he was supposed to be doing under the exception that I have outlined, it would not be improper.
Well, you know what he's raiding us when he finished with any...
Did he finish with a raiding accident or something like that?
I think not.
You know what the raiding was?
No, I don't. I know that this much in general that the raiding at Fort Dex was not particularly good.
It was very much.
We interrupt the Army McCarty hearing to bring you a bulletin from the DuMont near the room.
Tell us.
Ranero Lignel has announced the fall of the N. Genpul.
And thus the agony of the N. Genpul has ended in defeat for the Gallant French defenders.
The Red Final has thought, same a few hours after the Communist commander hurled 20,000 men against the French banchaner Don.
The N. Genpul fell after 56 days from the start of the Red Siege of the French abandoned in northwest Indochina.
There were 56 days of struggle against overwhelming odds against the weather against the poor position.
The announcement of the Fort Fall came from French banchaner Joseph Lignel in terror.
He told the French National Assembly that the Red took the fort after the French struggled for 20 hours against the latest of the Red Humancy attack.
A formal announcement also was made by Gond-Gindochina.
In February, Lignel announced the fall of the N. Genpul.
Do a girlfriend set in the testimony by giving a lawyer your witness.
Did you consider that unusual for a pilot's hearing?
I don't have any power to help this person.
I'm curious to know how my teeth are very strong and so they call them these girls.
I'm good at explaining the special consideration by some of them.
As long as they did it at the proper time, I've been in a fairly strange way.
The Fort Fall has been a special consideration by the French and the Red Committee.
Senator, I think that's a...
I don't know if they fail.
Senator McCarthy, in all fairness to the witnesses, I think it should perhaps have been falsified in which they have...
I recall the witness was asked that question.
There was no testimony of that fact.
The witness, Mr. Steven, may be replied that he had no knowledge of it.
I think, because, Mr. POLIS, made a remote…
Well, General Baker did, however, an admiration to the nibics and those documents benefit the police.
However, those claims can not分 within calling the defendant.
Not only Abou-Due to some cult Borderball posts, with appearances of those who have been falsified and humiliated by all.
Mr. P. Schmidt, Dr. Officers and The French Pentional Council Court.
The
High
Mr Cohen.
Mr And so
love Across
I
a
we can call on witnesses who contest 좋아요 their own knowledge I hear all much better
secretary I believed you told us now that the telephone calls
monitored by Mr. Lucas were not
that he did not monecke telephone calls from your family and
I believe you said that White House calls were not monocles that's right that's right in other words
for you felt that it was
proper to monitor calls from
People elected to the United States Senate, but it was not proper to monitor calls from people connected with the White House or other
positive executive I essentially left in the back
I just
Felt by the exact pattern of operation that I found when I took over the office I made no change whatsoever
Well, I don't know if my question is this during and I can only ask you about your administration during your administration
Have you thought that it was proper to monitor calls with people elected senators elected by the people to the United States Senate
But that was him proper to monitor calls with people working in the White House or the executive branch
Basically one one has a call from the center
There's something
It's an information me or something of that kind now that's the
I explain very carefully the office
Expodize the work for the center that's the reason Mr. Lopez is on the phone
I have a question
I
Information center you place to me and I have a David or a copy of an I have David of February
2019 54 of General's liquor
Make some requests for me and I was busy and that's the chairman what the request is and he's unable to enlighten me on the
But
He's
The the
The
Glitter is one that has some sort of question
I've asked for previously and when I wanted the council to be what
Be to compare the
David
With the
Any major deviation that's
That's the
The
That is a committed document that is made such that I move that is be referred to the attorney general along with the sworn
So that the attorney general may
Of the arms that service was in use to come in combat
Not of security clearance I understood in the Senate the first 19 and he's talking about possibility of part
Right and all right, but if it is indicated that there's possible part
triangle
That
Us
Will
On the
kind of
six
alleged communists or seven
referred to by mr. Coney
yesterday
If you could state whether
these people are today
and employees or officers
or graphese or what are they?
They were five
were there there was one officer
and five and less than then
either four or five of which
came from selected search.
So with the rank of the
officer, you know,
first of time, first of
time, what were the other?
The others are as I recall
were all five.
Graphese,
Yes sir.
Senator Smith,
no questions, yes, go out.
All right, I guess my question
is the grephing.
Senator, it's 1238 to 9.
Senator, is it OK to finish or not?
Senator, if he ends,
10 minutes, he does not have to answer that question.
Mr. Welk, I would like to
try and answer that anyway.
I hope you can answer the affirmative.
Mr. Chairman, I
had sincerely hope we were
finished this before noon.
As a chair, it was much time that's been
taken up by others myself.
I'm rightly so.
I'm sure it's right to do that.
I think the
witnesses answers are the lengthening
I, I let have the drafts
at the most 20 minutes of
the drafts.
Senator Cohen has
some.
I think it will explain for another hour
or an hour and a half to be able to finish.
Mr. Chairman,
is the way our staff party bill has started.
We understand from forum call
it's a preference committee and I'm
moved that we recess this
airing out at 1230 and go to the
store and go to the
store and go to the staff party bill.
The staff party bill has
taken for the benefit of those who
may have come in late.
When we recess today and the
council is both being held
on the staff party bill this afternoon,
we will recess until 1030
Monday morning.
We stand in recess then until 1030
Mr. Chairman,
thank you very much.
we are now at the end of the
army's dispute with Senator McCarthy.
No session is scheduled for the
Saturday afternoon.
Now at 1030,
Eastern Daylight Time Monday morning,
the Duma Television Network,
Department of News and Suffolk Affairs
will resume its coverage of the Senate
permanent investigation subcommittee hearing
from Washington DC.
Thank you very much.